[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So this is the remote
view that changed my life.
This is called an outbounder.
Here's the setup,
how this works.
So you're in a class.
You just have nothing but a
desk and a piece of paper.
There's an instructor, and
he has arranged with someone
to be placed somewhere in
the world at a certain time.
Let's just say noon.
And your mission is to try
to perceive their environment
and to try to perceive if
they are male or female.
OK?
So all you're going to
do is quiet your mind.
You go through the protocols,
which I'm not going through.
Write down your target
number, quiet down,
and you just go
through the process.
You let things emerge.
And if they don't
begin to emerge,
you begin to probe
with the questions
that you are trained to do.
OK?
So when I did this.
I went into darkness.
Nothing.
And all of a sudden, I start
to feel this wispy water
on my face.
It was like water
molecules in the air.
And I start to see
this shadowy shape.
That's one thing I didn't
say about remote viewing.
It's rarely like
a clear picture.
It's very fragmented
and shadowy,
and you're trying to
bring it into clarity.
But I'm seeing this sort of
shadowy shape and this turtle
shape.
And then I'm smelling
duck excrement,
and I'm smelling water.
I can smell the fishy smell.
I can smell the concrete
that's got moss on it.
And I can tell that this
is a big body of water.
It's not a beach.
I can smell it's
enclosed, and it's
been like that for a long time.
It was dank.
That's my word for it.
It was really kind
of yucky, but there
was a beautiful feeling of
all of the animals, just
little animals.
And I could feel that there
were these structures, big body
of water with these structures.
So I had this really
high level of engagement.
And then when I
thought it was over,
then I see this reflective
surface, probably
one of the clearest things I've
ever seen in my remote views.
And I see an eye
looking back at me.
And it was a woman's eye.
And I knew this is a woman.
And they called it.
It was over.
Then here's the reveal.
OK?
I'm not going to explain
every little thing.
So AV, though, is
advanced visuals.
So if your brain
is guessing early,
before you write down the
target, you want to capture it.
This system is designed
to capture everything,
and that's one of the things.
And for me, my brain
just starts going,
and I need to capture
those visuals.
So just remember that grill.
AOL just means your left
brain is guessing and naming,
and it's not
supposed to do that.
So you label it, almost like
you're saying, OK, left brain,
I hear you.
I'm just to put
that to the side.
That's what AOL
means, and you're
going to see it all over this.
There's this.
This is what it looks
like, the drawing.
Body of water.
I could definitely
tell it was water
and that it was like a fountain,
but I would not name that.
Right?
The turtle shape, marine life.
This is me trying to draw
the reflective surface where
I'm seeing the eye.
Let's see.
Where are we?
This is kind of what it looks
like where I'm probing myself.
It's land and water.
What are the colors?
It's bluish and clear.
What are the textures?
What does it feel like?
And I was saying it felt
like stillness on the inside,
but all this little
movement on the outside.
So here's the reveal.
It was Lake Eola in
Orlando, Florida.
The person who was
there, her name
was Patricia Cyrus,
who happens to be
an incredible remote viewer.
And I'm just going
to show you really
quickly what it looks like.
So there's the grill.
So it was a fountain.
This is just to show
you what it looks like,
what it looks like,
what it looks like.
So here it is.
Here's the comparison.
So this is what it looks
like, if you've never seen it.
We have our own drawings.
And then we see what our
brain was able to perceive
and what it wasn't
able to perceive.
But what was so--
oh, I'll get into it.
See, there's the turtle
shape, marine life.
Now, this is the
most important part.
Years later, I happened
to move to Orlando.
I was a Canadian.
I was doing this in Vancouver.
I never knew that I was going
to end up living in the States.
I get transferred there through
a weird chain of events.
I meet this woman,
and I was so excited.
Because I didn't really care
about the remote viewing per se.
I wanted to know about the mind.
I always want to know.
What else happened
that she didn't say?
Because I felt so engaged
in the environment.
So she looked at it, and
she said, oh, my god.
When I was sitting there,
I opened up my purse,
and I pulled out
a compact mirror.
And I looked at myself to
see if it helped anybody.
And I thought, are
you kidding me?
Because nobody mentioned this.
And so you can just
go, wow, but it's
like, OK, what are the
implications of this
if we can do this?
And on top of that, what
are the implications of this
if the powers that be
know that we can do this?
So it makes sense
that we're kind
of being diverted away from
knowing that we can do this.
So I share this because we need
to know that we can do this.
Yes.
[CHEERS, APPLAUSE]
Yeah.
Right?
Absolutely.
So, yeah, that's
part of why I'm so
passionate about having people
know that we are amazing.
So I'm sure I'm
blowing my time here.
Let's go.
So Ingo Swann, he thought about
things, he called us Earth side,
and he called everything
else space side.
And what he wondered was,
was telepathy and ESP,
possibly, a universal language?
And I think he has
something there,
and I'm willing to guess that a
lot of people at this conference
think he might have
something there as well.
I think it's a
pretty good guess.
Educated guess, let's call it.
So another thing,
could the right brain
functioning be a part of this?
Could it be our access?
So we can't say for certain,
but it kind of looks like it.
So I'm going to
move on to dreams,
because it's another
favorite place.
And the other reason is
because remote viewing,
you still need to do it well.
You need another party
to do it with you.
There are target pools
you can do online.
But dreams, this is our IP.
We own the dreams.
This is us.
It's accessible to all of us.
We don't have to feel psychic.
We don't have to feel special,
and it's running all the time
in the background.
So why not?
Why not?
Is there a doorway there?
Can we push it farther?
Can we put attention
on there, use
some ideas, experiments
on ourselves,
and see what else
we can open up?
Yes, I believe we can.
I love to experiment
on myself, so I'm
going to share some of
these things with you.
Another thing, this is
a way I think of it,
it's like a celestial stargate.
I was just talking
about Project Stargate.
Our dreams, to me, are
like a celestial stargate.
We haven't explored it.
So anyhow, why dreams?
Revered by ancient societies.
Isn't that odd, that
we don't go into it,
but it's been revered
forever by everyone?
And we just let it go,
go on with the day,
and we still have that
restless feeling all day.
And it's like, oh, we have this
whole mystical world inside
of us that we just
kind of forget about.
So I'm just inviting us back
to have a little look at this.
People journeyed
thousands of miles
to Delphi, to the Temple of
Apollo, to get their prophecies,
to have their
dreams interpreted.
I think there's
something to that.
A third of our lives
remains a mystery.
A third.
And inside that is
this mystical world.
There might be some
memory optimization.
We'll give them that as well.
I'm sure that is a thing.
I actually do
believe that's part,
but it doesn't
explain all of it.
So, yeah, no one
knows what they really
are, where they originate.
Fantastic mystery.
So dreams as a gateway to our
quantum computer, our Holodeck.
Yes.
So it's accessible.
Yeah.
I'm going to skip.
Yes, really, I believe, it's
like learning to prompt it.
Input clear intent, learn
the language and conditions
that it responds to best when
it's communicating with us.
Because really, if you guys are
interested in any modalities,
whether it's tarot, whether
it's mediumship, intuition,
remote viewing, any
of these things,
it's all about the
art of the prompt.
Same with ChatGPT, right?
The prompt, honing the
question, honing the intent.
When you really get
that narrowed down,
you have a better chance
of opening up the answers
that you want.
So this is something you
want to apply to your dreams.
And, of course, we want
to understand how it's
communicating back with us.
That's why remote viewing
is so interesting to me,
because there was so much
to inform my dream world,
how I look at my
dreams, my dream study,
from remote viewing.
So, yeah, use dreams
as a bridge to access
this limitless potential
of us, our own Holodeck.
Absolutely.
This part is really
important to me,
and I want to
share this with you
because I know many people
have not heard about this yet.
This is Patricia Cyrus.
Funny enough, the woman that
I remote-viewed that day.
And we seem to be
a little entangled.
She showed up at my lecture--
I hadn't seen her in a decade--
this past summer and told me--
my lecture had the same title.
"Are we the quantum computers
that we're searching for?"
And she is doing a lecture
about quantum computers,
also about the brain.
She is actually trying to prove
with her colleague Daniel P.
Sheehan--
not this Daniel P. Sheehan
who's part of this conference.
A different Daniel P. Sheehan--
I know-- that works for the
University of San Diego,
in the Department of Physics.
They are trying to
prove scientifically
that the mind
actually is quantum.
So just a weird coincidence.
So she is responsible for
doing a study with Dale Graff.
And if any of you are
following remote viewing,
Dale Graff was in charge of
the Project Stargate program
for the longest amount of time.
But little known fact about
Dale is that he's super psychic,
and he is super
psychic in his dreams.
So this is one of
the first studies
I've ever seen like this.
Triple blind, precognitive
remote viewing in your dreams.
Yes.
So I gotta share this.
I got to tell all the people
that show up about this.
It's so exciting.
So 75% of this
study, I would say,
generally when I ask them-- they
don't have an exact figure--
was done in dreamwork.
If they don't have
the dream, they
will then default to
conscious remote viewing.
Triple blind, I just
want to explain this.
So I'm going to use
my husband here.
So if I'm the remote viewer--
I'm going to talk
about single blind.
If I'm the remote viewer,
he is hiding a target
in an envelope from me.
That's a single blind.
I don't know what the target is.
OK?
Double blind would mean someone
else conceals the target,
gives him the already
closed envelope.
So even he doesn't
know what it is.
That's double blind.
We both don't know
what the target is.
Triple blind is like
future remote view.
Nobody knows what it is.
So it's amazing.
And you're like, how
would you do that?
But they do it
with the newspaper.
So they'll pick a day
far out in the newspaper.
They pick a certain spot, like
A6 of this exact newspaper.
You have to do all this
research to see, when
does the photo get published?
When does the event usually
take place on that page?
And so they will remote-view
it far enough back that they
know the event hasn't
happened, the pictures
get chosen on the Tuesday.
I'm going to show
you a calendar.
There's just no way.
It has not occurred.
And they had, out of 33--
this whole experiment was
33 different remote-viewing
sessions, and they
got 21 correct.
And they're amazing, too.
I brought to you to show you.
I was so excited.
So this is kind of what
it looks like, quickly.
So here it is, what I
was trying to explain.
This might be a little easier.
So on the Friday,
the viewer agrees
to the precognition session.
On the Saturday, they're going
to go to sleep with the target.
And then if they don't get it,
they'll do it Sunday as well.
Then they can
conscious-remote-view
if they don't get it.
But they basically did
75% of this with dreams.
And Dale exclusively dreams.
This is what's so amazing.
So the photograph gets
selected on the Tuesday,
and the actual paper I
think is on the Wednesday.
So total future
remote view, nobody
knows what it's going to be.
Here's an example.
OK?
This is-- the
writing's too small
for me to see here--
the target photograph,
Indonesian ship bombing.
And then this was
the remote view,
which is described like this--
curving metal, large boat,
shipwreck.
Now, this is different.
They went off the no-naming.
They probably went
through their own process.
Once you've done
it for a long time,
you make your own
hybrid version.
But anyhow, this
is what they got.
Curving metal, large
boat, shipwreck.
There's the drawing.
And they noted that this
was done more than 20 hours
before the event occurred, this
ship bombing, more than 48 hours
between the remote-view session
and the picture even being
chosen for publication.
So that's amazing.
Look at this one.
This is my other example.
I believe this is Dale's
dream remote view.
But no matter what, the
remote view of the future.
This is amazing.
Amazing.
There's the target photograph.
This is Buddhist monks.
Over here are the
drawings, you can see.
And it says, "hundreds
of people in choir robes,
brightly lit concert,
inside a building."
Even the colors are
right, the dimensions.
It's like stadium seating.
It's just absolutely amazing.
So these were done in
controlled conditions.
And what does this really mean?
They're looking at the
study because they believe
that if your mind can
go outside of time,
to the future, that would
mean that it's nonlinear.
That would mean
that it's quantum.
So this is what Patricia
Cyrus and the other Daniel P.
Sheehan at the
University of San Diego
are attempting to
prove scientifically,
that the mind is quantum.
Amazing.
What's AI got to do with this?
Well, they figure this would
be a great new Turing test.
Because if you're following AI
and you know what the Turing
test is-- and if you don't,
Alan Turing created this in--
I think it was the '50s.
And basically, it's when you
can't tell the difference
of a human and AI.
Right?
So they're saying this
would be a perfect test.
Future remote viewing,
triple blind, precognitive,
in your dreams.
They're speculating that a
computer couldn't do this,
that this would be
one of the only things
that it could not do.
I don't know.
I don't know about
quantum computers.
I don't know.
But I think that's
pretty brilliant.
And so they are out proposing
this to Roger Penrose
and all of the greatest
scientists out there.
OK.
So it's always important
to talk about these things,
but then bring it back to us.
What can we do about this?
This is about us.
So for me, my dreams were never
like a mish-mash of the day.
They were never what
I was supposed to be.
I'm just going to
share one really fast.
I'm sure you guys have many.
I love having conversations
about dreams with people,
all their freaky dreams.
Bring them.
I love it.
But here's just an example
of one when I was younger.
It's not a mish-mash of the day.
So I meet my doctor,
but I meet him
a couple of floors up outside
of a building, hovering there.
And he's showing me this giant
clock with these numbers,
and he tells me he's
going to explain to me how
to go sideways through time.
And so he teaches me to stare.
So we're hovering above the
ground, this brick building,
that I have to focus,
focus, and absolutely
can't lose my focus
on this brick wall.
And so I think, what?
And I'm doing it, and
it eventually opens.
And I walk through, and there's
this big table of people.
And they all stop talking,
and they're all looking at me.
And I walk on through, and then
there's this little market.
And all the little market
booths are showing me--
the people there are
showing me things
that I could use in real life.
So I was doing a lot of
painting at the time.
So one of the things I
remember really well,
they were showing me these new
canvases that were textured.
They had the texture
built into them.
So it was like part
of the painting phase
was already taken care of.
And I don't know.
This is not a
mish-mash of the day.
That's just one example.
I make my way back out.
And right there, my
doctor, who was actually
my doctor at the
time, was showing me
that time had not changed.
Actually, no time had passed.
And I don't know.
So that's just one.
I've had other ones where
I'm being drugged repeatedly,
waking up in a gurney in the
top of someone's mansion.
And I come to, and
I see these people.
The thing is the dream
keeps continuing on.
When they noticed I was
awake, they redrugged me.
And then waking up again,
feeling super groggy,
and then seeing the
wife coming over
and getting upset that
these people had me there.
And she was saying, you
have to get rid of her.
Anyhow.
More happens in this dream.
They take me to the airport.
I am begging them, sobbing,
not to leave me at this airport
because I can't
remember who I am.
I woke up sobbing, feeling
it in my whole body,
because I was so
afraid of being left.
Because whoever they were,
I don't know my captors,
I don't know what
they were, they were
the only people I recognized.
And I didn't know where to go.
I didn't know how
I would get there.
And I carried this into
my waking for a while.
I couldn't shake it.
And you have dreams like
that, and you just think,
I don't know, it's
something else at play.
There's a lot for
us to dig into.
Anyhow.
So you are the Holodeck.
Let's use the Holodeck.
Let's experiment.
Let's get in there.
So some of the things
that I did to up my game.
So I knew right away I had
to create a dream scale.
Because if they're telling me
it's a mish-mash of the day, OK.
How often is it that?
So I'll go into
that in a second.
Self-audits, something that I've
done on myself for a long time,
but in normal life, and I've
just applied it to dreams.
And that's just like, say
you're at a Christmas party
with your family,
and your sister
says to you that you have
some undesirable behavior.
And you're like, I do not.
So a little psychological
trick you can do on yourself
is put a little self-audit on.
Because we can
program our minds.
Part of my psych degree, I
had this psychology professor
that was amazing.
He sent us home with psych
experiments on ourselves
all the time.
So this is where this
comes from in me.
But you can put this
program on yourself.
You program.
You make a decision.
You don't have counter-thoughts.
You can apply this to anything.
And you're just like, I
want a tap on the shoulder
if I ever do this.
You're putting something
on your subconscious mind,
and you're saying,
bring it forward.
I want to know.
I give it a time
frame, like two weeks.
Please bring it forward.
And the tap will come,
and you won't notice.
Because it's been a
subconscious behavior.
And you remind yourself,
I want to know.
And eventually it
is going to happen.
Probably when you relax
one night, about a week in,
you'll remember.
Oh, yeah, I had that tap.
I'm a freak.
I do have that behavior.
So you can apply this
to your dreamworld.
Again, it's that focus, that
intent, that conviction.
Joe McMoneagle, Uri Geller,
these most famous psychics,
they talk about this.
They wanted everyone
in the room,
everyone involved, to
have their intent focused.
Because this is how they
felt their success came.
So we need to use this for
ourselves, to open this up.
The dream scale for
me looks like this.
I'm going to give
it as an example.
Yours is probably
going to be different.
But this is, again, just
to help you with a tool.
Because tracking is going to be
really important of your dreams.
Right?
Mish-mash of the day
was my category one.
My category two, mini vignettes.
Little mini-metaphor dreams.
They come in little bits.
Number three was they
were more meaningful.
I cared about them more, so
they got a higher category.
Four for me was like a
twisting, long-story narrative,
kind of like the drugging one
I was telling you a portion of.
Category five for me.
This was kind of the highest.
So extraordinarily vivid detail.
Very, very heightened awareness,
awareness that you're asleep
and that you're dreaming,
which is lucid dreams.
Or you received details that
predicted something or came true
in reality, precognitive
information.
Obviously, with
precognitive, you
don't know when you wake
up, generally speaking,
that you're going to have
a precognitive dream.
And a lot of mind that I
thought I didn't care about,
I just thought they
weren't that important,
they end up being the ones.
So this is reason to
write your dreams down.
And then I have a category six.
Anyone who has had a suspected
contact dream in their life.
There is a category where
you know it wasn't a dream.
But it occurred at night, and
so we put it in that category.
So I want to break
those out, and I think
we should all break those out.
It doesn't mean that
you know for sure,
but what it means is
you're going to hold that
because something in
you knows it wasn't.
And you account for those.
OK?
Yes.
Don't let those go.
Nobody can take that
away from you, right?
And write it down.
And I'd probably talk
about this later,
but I'm going to talk
about it right now.
The things that we
know about memory.
When you have a
memory about something
and you continually bring
it out and talk about it,
we now know that it changes.
It's true.
It changes.
What happens is you
take it out and tell it.
And everything going
on in the environment
adds to it every
time you take it out.
I'm telling you this
because if you ever
have encounters or
things that happen,
I can't stress enough the
importance of writing it
down and drawing it
immediately, just in case.
Immediately upon waking.
Make that archive for yourself.
You deserve to have that.
It's going to be very important.
So when you wake up and
you have that feeling,
get it down as fast as you can.
So, obviously,
capturing precognition
is very important
to us understanding
the nature of ourselves.
Very important.
So I just want to tell you
this one dream, maybe two.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Because I've been studying
my dreams for decades.
And I know they're important.
I don't believe that
they're just nothing.
I had this cruise ship dream.
And this is unusual.
This is not normal.
I'm sitting in the cruise ship.
So I'm with all of the people.
And the weird thing
was a storm comes,
and all of a sudden the
ship starts going up slowly,
like a big wave is coming,
but it completely capsized.
Super slow.
Capsizes.
When I woke up from
that dream, just
from studying myself my whole
life, knowing, studying water
and that I was with a small
civilization, and I was with it,
I knew something was coming.
Because I never dream like this.
Never dream like this.
But my dream language that
I've been studying, I knew.
I probably told Richard.
Poor Richard.
He hears my dreams
every day, all the time.
Yes.
Thank you.
My mom, too.
Oh, god.
My whole life.
I had another dream.
But yeah.
And this was early 2020.
This was pre-COVID.
So I'll tell this
one really quick.
Another time, my
father had passed.
And my mom, my sister,
and my niece and I
were trying to have a
little family time, getaway.
We all live in different
corners of North America.
And we were looking for
this place in Florida
that we really wanted to go.
We were all exhausted.
We're still not
over it at the time.
Unfortunately, it
was March break.
We couldn't find anywhere.
Everything was taken.
Of course, we just wanted
to be in some comfort,
and we wanted to
be on the beach.
We couldn't find anything.
I was exhaustively
searching for days.
I go and have a nap.
I have this dream.
I'm looking at my computer,
and it says "Treasure Island"
on my computer screen.
Nothing else happened in it.
I wake up.
I go do a search.
I've never heard of this.
Treasure Island?
I found one place.
Perfect.
Three-bedroom, on the beach.
We actually went
and stayed there.
So what's that all about?
Who's looking out for us?
What is going on?
A lot of us believe
in guides and guidance
and God and different things.
But I'm not going there.
I'm bringing it back to us.
What part of us is
involved in this?
Greater part of ourselves that's
guiding us, protecting us,
giving me Treasure Island?
I don't know.
Or is it me?
Is it a part of me?
Is it a part of us that's
even more simple than that?
But it's important
to capture these
for your proof of
how amazing you are.